Good evening say that you want to introduce the hand Jimyoji version of this para-change magic
In the beginning black mother before red mother in red car
Impossible
I do not use a total of six ideas
It took Satoshiba in the red
Stopped
It is in order of black red from the top to do so, right?
I think black red
Good luck Kudo
Akahi
I think it 's cyber in this way, it's easy to understand it.
I'll go ah
I think
Once
Red card no
I'll rub it black
Okense
Drip and did not could red in 9 minutes car
Red wine
Of course I did it with a small number of sheets now
Many love you
It is possible to raise this dimension child
Took it
There does Mase Tei
It is a parka
Is just
We went giving away pieces face down
This kind of went You Do that ostensibly
When the number is face-up and there are many
I use the case
Case contents has entered anything I
Oh
this
Swap the
In the black correction
Red card
Ohonmachi Manor
This house is located in the teeth
We defeated
Black card in a red case
It looks
Can enjoy
Now
Nakano card nail is fine want Once changed
There is no
Then you
Is it black?
The red card
that
It will change with and be expected
Even one
It has not changed
eh
Toba
Oh that here is pleasure I
that
Nice to meet you for the degree of completion
Not changed before raw mouth
I Press
I'm say HanaSo chanter is I'd sometimes I had was out
Not a table
It's true that the back has changed
Hmm
I thought